Add documentation of `cupy.fuse` (#1789)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/tutorial/kernel.rst

.. note::
    When using ``printf()`` in your CUDA kernel, you may need to synchronize the stream to see the output.
    You can use ``cupy.cuda.Stream.null.synchronize()`` if you are using the default stream.

Kernel fusion
--------------------

:func:`cupy.fuse` is a decorator that fuses functions.  This decorator can be used to define an elementwise or reduction kernel more easily than :class:`~cupy.ElementwiseKernel` or :class:`~cupy.ReductionKernel`.

By using this decorator, we can define the ``squared_diff`` kernel as follows:

.. doctest::

   >>> @cp.fuse()
   ... def squared_diff(x, y):
   ...     return (x - y) * (x - y)

The above kernel can be called on either scalars, NumPy arrays or CuPy arrays likes the original function.

.. doctest::

   >>> x_cp = cp.arange(10)
   >>> y_cp = cp.arange(10)[::-1]
   >>> squared_diff(x_cp, y_cp)
   array([81, 49, 25,  9,  1,  1,  9, 25, 49, 81])
   >>> x_np = np.arange(10)
   >>> y_np = np.arange(10)[::-1]
   >>> squared_diff(x_np, y_np)
   array([81, 49, 25,  9,  1,  1,  9, 25, 49, 81])

> At the first function call, the fused function analyzes the original function based on the abstracted information of arguments (e.g. their dtypes and ndims), and creates and caches an actual CUDA kernel.  From the second function call with the same input types, the fused function just calls the previously cached kernel.  So, it is highly recommended to reuse the same decorated functions instead of e.g. decorating local functions that are defined multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the first function call, the fused function analyzes the original function based on the abstracted information of arguments (e.g. their dtypes and ndims) and creates and caches an actual CUDA kernel.  From the second function call with the same input types, the fused function calls the previously cached kernel, so it is highly recommended to reuse the same decorated functions instead of decorating local functions that are defined multiple times.
```

:func:`cupy.fuse` also supports simple reduction kernel.

.. doctest::

   >>> @cp.fuse()
   ... def sum_of_products(x, y)
   ...     return cupy.sum(x * y, axis = -1)

We can specify the kernel name by using the ``kernel_name`` keyword argument as follows:

.. doctest::

>    >>> @cp.fuse(kernel_name='squared_diff')

Author: This function is the same as the example in the elementwise kernels section.

>    >>> @cp.fuse(kernel_name='squared_diff')

Reviewer 2: Oh, ok.

   ... def squared_diff(x, y):
   ...     return (x - y) * (x - y)

> Compile time constants can be set by `const_params` parameter.

Author: `const_params` argument is not supported yet, so I'll remove this sentence.

.. doctest::

   >>> @cp.fuse(const_params={})
   ... def squared_diff(x, y):
   ...     return (x - y) * (x - y)

.. note::

>    Currently, :func:`cupy.fuse` can generate only simple elementwise and reduction kernels as a fused kernel.  Most routines (e.g. :func:`cupy.matmul`, :func:`cupy.reshape`) are not supported in the fused function.

Reviewer 2: I feel a bit redundant. How about this fix? @asi1024 @Crissman 
```suggestion
   Currently, :func:`cupy.fuse` can fuse only simple elementwise and reduction operations.  Most other routines (e.g. :func:`cupy.matmul`, :func:`cupy.reshape`) are not supported.
```

Reviewer: That suggestion looks good.

>    Currently, :func:`cupy.fuse` can generate only simple elementwise and reduction kernels as a fused kernel.  Most routines (e.g. :func:`cupy.matmul`, :func:`cupy.reshape`) are not supported in the fused function yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Currently, :func:`cupy.fuse` can generate only simple elementwise and reduction kernels as a fused kernel.  Most routines (e.g. :func:`cupy.matmul`, :func:`cupy.reshape`) are not supported in the fused function.
```

Best to avoid forward looking statements about code.

   >>> x_np = np.arange(10)
   >>> y_np = np.arange(10)[::-1]
   >>> squared_diff(x_np, y_np)
   array([81, 49, 25,  9,  1,  1,  9, 25, 49, 81])

At the first function call, the fused function analyzes the original function based on the abstracted information of arguments (e.g. their dtypes and ndims), and creates and caches an actual CUDA kernel.  From the second funciton call, the fused function judge call the cached kernel.  So, it is highly recommended to reuse the same decorated functions instead of e.g. decorating local functions that are defined multiple times.

:func:`cupy.fuse` also supports simple reduction kernel.

.. doctest::

   >>> @cp.fuse()
   ... def sum_of_products(x, y)
   ...     return cupy.sum(x * y, axis = -1)

We can specify the kernel name by using the ``kernel_name`` keyword argument as follows:

.. doctest::

   >>> @cp.fuse(kernel_name='squared_diff')
   ... def squared_diff(x, y):
   ...     return (x - y) * (x - y)

Compile time constants can be set by `const_params` parameter.

.. doctest::

   >>> @cp.fuse(const_params={})
   ... def squared_diff(x, y):
   ...     return (x - y) * (x - y)

.. note::

>    Now, :func:`cupy.fuse` can generate only simple elementwise and reduction kernels as a fused kenrel.  The most of routines (e.g. :func:`cupy.matmul`, :func:`cupy.reshape`) are not supported in the fused function yet.

Reviewer 3: style/grammer:
"Now," -> "Currently,"
"The most of routines" -> "Most routines"
